Add `g:hey_openai_api_key` option (#1)
tani/hey.vim: README.md

You need to set OpenAI API key as `OPENAI_API_KEY` environment variable.

> Note that if you're using [denops-shared-server](https://github.com/vim-denops/denops-shared-server.vim), the environment variables are separate from Vim. In that case, set it to `g:hey_openai_api_key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if you're using [denops-shared-server](https://github.com/vim-denops/denops-shared-server.vim), the environment variable is separate from Vim. In this case, you should set it to `g:hey_openai_api_key`.
```

## Commands

- `[range]Hey {prompt}` - Edit text with OpenAI API.
- `HeyAbort` - Abort the current edit.

## Options

> - `g:hey_openai_api_key` - Set the OpenAI API key to use. Defaults is not set, `OPENAI_API_KEY` environment variable is used.
> - `g:hey_model_name` - Set the model name to use. Defaults `"gpt-3.5-turbo"`
> - `g:hey_verbose` - Set verbose mode. Defaults `v:false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `g:hey_openai_api_key` - Set the OpenAI API key to use. If the value is not set, the `OPENAI_API_KEY` environment variable will be used.
- `g:hey_model_name` - Set the model name to use. The default is `"gpt-3.5-turbo"`.
- `g:hey_verbose` - Set the verbose mode. The default is `v:false`.
```
